Restructure exp guides (#276)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: exp/application-streaming.md

### 2. Starting the signalling process

The following is an overview of the signalling process:

 1. The container creates an offer containing the desired streams (video, audio, binary) as well as codec information.
 2. The client replies to that offer by accepting or refusing it.
 3. Now both peers have agreed on a media type, but do not yet know how to communicate with each other. Remember that, so far, all communication is happening through a web socket on the Gateway.
 4. The peers use the [ICE protocol](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Signaling_and_video_calling) and interact with STUN/TURN servers to establish an optimal path.
 5. Each network path is bundled in an `ICE candidate`. There are usually multiple ICE candidates per peer and both sides negotiate the best candidate pair.
 6. Both peers agree on the best network path (`ICE candidate`) and start the actual streaming. At this point, they stop communicating through the Gateway web socket and communicate directly with each other.

> Details about messages exchanged between the client and the container are not covered in this guide, but you can find more information [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Signaling_and_video_calling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details about messages exchanged between the client and the container are not covered in this guide, but you can find more information [on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Signaling_and_video_calling).
```
What do you think?
